README.md, before:

# MiniNetflix

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.3.8.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).


## Project Scope : 
> This project is full stack web application aimed to mimic [Netflix](www.netflix.com). 

## **NOTE**: The project does not have the all the features [Netflix](www.netflix.com) has. It is a [Netflix](www.netflix.com) clone. 

## **Objectives**
My following along on this project, you should be able to : 
* Create a new angular project from start using the [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli)
* Create a basic UI using the UX Design of your choice. 
* Implement angular routing. 
* Use angular http module. 
* Modularize your front end code. 
* Connect your front application to your backend using firebase.
* Implement user authentication, & authorization
* ...

## UX DESIGN 
The UX is designed using [Figma](https://www.figma.com/)

*to be continued*
......

**THIS PROJECT IS STILL BEING DEVELOPED DAILY.**

Commit message:

Remove some codes that are not needed right now

README.md, after:

# MiniNetflix

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.3.8.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).


## Project Scope : 
> This project is full stack web application aimed to mimic [Netflix](www.netflix.com). 

## **NOTE**: The project does not have the all the features [Netflix](www.netflix.com) has. 

It is a [Netflix](www.netflix.com) clone. 

## **Objectives**
My following along on this project, you should be able to : 
* Create a new angular project from start using the [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli)
* Create a basic UI using the UX Design of your choice. 
* Implement angular routing. 
* Use angular http module. 
* Modularize your front end code. 
* Connect your front application to your backend using firebase.
* Implement user authentication, & authorization
* ...

## UX DESIGN 
The UX is designed using [Figma](https://www.figma.com/).


[Mini Netflix UX Design](https://www.figma.com/file/cNlWOPiI4xWwJ1vruBpQy8/Mini-netflix?node-id=0%3A1) that i made can be found here. 

**THIS PROJECT IS STILL BEING DEVELOPED DAILY.**
